Added Proposal Doc for Predict Prop Bet MVP (#1)
mitchwebster/botblitz: documents/PropBetPredictProposal.md

## Proposal of MVP version of Bot Blitzer

### Background

We are likely to lose motivation on this project.  I think the best way for this project to stay interesting, is if we can use some form of what we are building almost immediately.  What version of this can be put into immediate use by us with very little upfront engineering work?  The purpose of this doc is to describe that.

### Approach

> We focus on NBA because the NBA has games daily until June.  

Reviewer: ... I can think of another sport that also has games until June...

Author: Cricket?

Every day, each player is asked to respond to 1 or more prop bets of this format
```json
{
    "type": "over",
    "player": "1",
    "points": "20",
    "odds": {
        "denominator": 4,
        "numerator": 270,
    },
}
```
And they are asked to response with whether they'd like to take the best
```json 

> {
>     "reason": "", \\ displayed but otherwise unused
>     "response": "YES", \\ one of YES,NO,SKIP
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{
    "reason": "", \\ displayed but otherwise unused
    "quantity": -4.0,  \\ zero indicates a "skip", negative indicates a "No" bet of a specified magnitude, positive indicates a "Yes" bet; invalid if wagering an amount outside of the user's current wallet
}
```
